---
layout: archive
title: "Research Projects"
permalink: /projects/
author_profile: true
---
## Undergraduate Research Projects
### Quantum Magnetic Imaging -- Winter 2021 to Spring 2021
In winter 2021, I joined Prof. Mark Ku’s lab group, where we used **quantum magnetic imaging** techniques to characterize **2D magnetic flakes**. I did the hands-on work of building our quantum sensor system based on **nitrogen vacancy centers in diamonds**. I later used **MATLAB** to simulate the magnetic field generated by the system when observing samples. We published this work in **2D Materials** as [_“Revealing room temperature ferromagnetism in exfoliated Fe5GeTe2 flakes with quantum magnetic imaging.”_](http://mmayako.github.io/files/revealing-room-temp.pdf) 

### Age Structured Population Models Applied to Tissue Dynamics -- Summer 2020
In summer 2020, I was **UD Summer Research Scholar** working with Prof. Gilberto Schleiniger and Dr. Bruce Boman. For my project, I used MATLAB to find numerical solutions for **age-structured population models**. I then used these models to predict how **retinoic acid (RARɑ)**, a metabolite responsible for cell maturation, influences the progression of **colorectal cancer**. My model showed that high RARɑ environments fared better in the long run, matching experimental results. This was significant since metabolites degrade quickly outside the body, making physical experiments unreliable. 


### Electronic Confinement in Quantum Dots -- Fall 2018 to Winter 2020
I joined Prof. Zubaer Hossain’s lab group in the fall of 2018. I worked with a graduate student to investigate the core properties of **alloyed quantum dots (QDs)** to improve the energy conversion efficiency of **solar cells**. I then started my own project where I **optimized the shape and composition** of **SiGe and InGaAs heterostructures** to **maximize confinement potential**. For this, I learned how to use **COMSOL** and **MATLAB** to compute solutions to the time-independent Schrödinger equation using the **finite element method**. Since previous work studied isolated heterostructures, I independently extended this work through a **cluster QD array** project during an **internship at UD’s Energy Research Institute**. For this, I took advantage of the XSEDE **high performance computing** workshops to optimize my code. My efforts culminated in several presentations, including one at the **APS April 2020 meeting**, and two manuscripts.
